and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show i'm excited to be joined by
alex
moscow today alex has been helping to
position his clients
at the very head of their industries for
well over a decade today uses his skills
to help the owners of established b2b
businesses to achieve their vision
by creating content-driven campaigns to
influence and attract
perfect prospects he's helped build
pipelines worth hundreds of thousands of
pounds alex
a very well welcome sir how are you
doing i'm very well sam thanks for
having me on no problem man so looking
forward to this one
um we're going to be talking all about
how we can position ourselves
as the market's go-to expert in our
particular market in our particular
industry
which is something that's been talked
about a lot especially when when i'm
scrolling through my linkedin feed when
i'm scrolling through social i see
all these different posts about being a
thought leader why you need to really
know your stuff why you need to be an
expert
and all that good stuff so it's gonna be
an exciting chat i think there's gonna
be a lot that we can bounce off each
other and talk through
and hopefully give a lot of tips to
everyone tuning in today um
so i wanna jump right in and start with
quite
quite a controversial thing question for
you alex is being an expert
actually something that our customers
our prospective customers really value
and and really need us to be in in
today's world
so yeah great question to kick off with
and uh
i think this is the important thing with
anything in life
uh it doesn't mean anything to anybody
unless it has
a value right so uh expert is not
something that you can necessarily
give yourself you can't i mean you can
call yourself an expert but it's not
something
that you can necessarily own unless it's
been
uh given to you right so it's up to
somebody else to decide
whether you're the expert and and and a
lot of the time that
uh feeling for them has to do with how
much
value you offer them in terms of
that expertise so in terms of i've got
problem a
i need to find a solution to it if you
give me advice that has value and helps
me get over that problem then i'm going
to
say to myself yes you are an expert so i
would say
that it's it's absolutely the right
thing for people to aspire to
but it's not something you can kind of
say
i am it's something you've got to earn
and the way that you do that well i mean
that's something that we'll we'll talk
about in more detail but there's a
number of different ways that you can
achieve that status
with a given audience got it understood
no i think that's a fair summary so it's
something that has to be
given to us rather than proclaiming
ourselves as experts
perhaps we've just got a new role that's
a new field or we've just started a new
business so rather than saying from day
one that we are the expert in our
industry
it's something we need to earn something
we need to actually build up
to to get to that position yeah
it makes sense it is earned for sure
okay so yeah i mean let's let's dive
into
to some some ways that we can actually
to make that happen
um so i mean in in terms of perhaps we
could
outline it from from scratch and work
from the very ground up
so what are some ways that we can if
we're if we're perhaps new to
to our industry or perhaps not
necessarily looked at too much detail
before
what are some actual tips we can
actually use to become an expert in
in our specific industry or sector okay
so so let's start from the very
beginning okay
and it probably helped if i give you a
little bit of background on my work and
and how i've got to do what i do today
um
and uh so i've been in public relations
for 20 years almost
mainly b2b a lot of technology but also
a lot of professional services
a lot of consultancy kind of driven
companies and i was always the chap and
still am
the guy who was partnered up by with the
business owner
the senior teams of those client
companies and and my job was to raise
the profile
in the media of of the senior people
working in those companies
um and the way that the process that i
devised in order to do that was
first of all to understand the audience
okay because
any person has a lot of especially if
you've been doing what you've been doing
for
for a long time you've got a lot of
insights
and knowledge up here um and and
what a good pr person does is they order
and they help you to
audit that knowledge right so and in
order to audit it you've got to first
understand
the audience that you want to influence
and the people that you want to attract
because when you understand them and who
they are and how they're motivated
and what they need then you are able to
look at what you know
and draw down the things that you can
offer
that will have value to them and
typically what's happening
is that they are they there's something
that they want
right so there's an objective there's a
goal that that they seek
and in order to get there they're coming
up against
obstacles obstructions challenges
that they can't get over themselves and
that
the reasons for that are many so uh
you know depending on your industry
depending on the people
the obstacles that they face will be
very much specific to that
to that niche if you like so it's very
important to be very specific around the
people that you are
looking to attract so does that make
sense yeah
yeah so understand your audience
understand who who your actual
target target customer is and then the
did you say the the obstacles are the
objections that they're likely to face
so the well the obstacles and the
challenges right so what's happening
is that they're coming up against these
challenges
uh if they could overcome them
themselves they would right
but they can't so they need to go out
there and they need to find somebody who
can help them
and what they're looking for is somebody
they feel
uh has been through what they've been
through before
uh and so uh so either what they'll do
initially what they do is they go to
somebody they trust
so they'll go to people who have given
them good advice before and they'll ask
them for help
and what those people will those people
either say yeah i can help you with that
i've had this situation before
or they'll help somebody else deal with
this situation and this is what we did
and this is how we achieved
and this is the impact that we have and
they'll be that you know that would be
great
but then you know if they go to those
people and say well actually i can't
help you that but i i know a chap you
can or i know somebody who can
right so they'll either ask for a
referral uh and they'll look
and they know they get introduced to
somebody who can potentially help them
uh
come overcome those challenges or if
they if they can't find
uh somebody to be introduced to that's
when they go looking
right and they'll go onto linkedin or
they'll go on to google
um and that's where
you're that's where this got the idea of
content right so
and thought leadership and i don't love
the idea of thought leadership
because actually it's you're not trying
to achieve thought leadership because
that doesn't do anything for anybody
what you're trying to do
is be valuable to be of value
and the way that you do that as i say is
to understand the market what they want
and then provide valuable insights
that when people stumble across them
they go
wow yeah that that's right i get that
that's you know that's almost like the
first step of my problem
and and you've you've just find it
really well you've described it in a way
that i could never have done so what
you've done actually is you've helped me
to understand my problem just by
describing it in
a very clear and compelling way and then
you've given me a little hint
of insight that helps me get edge a
little bit further forward so start
gaining momentum to
pass the obstacle and towards the goal
and that's when somebody will say
you know they feel like an expert and
that's when they'll
get in touch or they'll interact with a
bit more of your content
and then they'll they'll come to you so
that that's what i mean
got it no that's that's awesome so
firstly understanding our market
understanding the common problems or
challenges or frustrations that they
have have you got any
any tangible ways alex that we can tap
into those
so if we need to perhaps put together a
list of our most common
problems common objectives that our
customers typically have a way that we
can do that before
we go into step two which will be then
creating the content around that
so great question uh you know and
absolutely the right question
uh how do you start where do you go well
here's the thing
uh and this is it it's bewildering uh
to me that people don't do this but they
they don't
uh uh the easiest and the fastest and
the most effective way
to start understand your audience and
what they need and what you know that's
of value
is to look at your clients right the
first thing
i would suggest is identify your
favorite clients
right so your favorite clients are those
people that you
enjoy working with that you do great
work for that you get great results for
where there's
mutual respect where they uh give you a
problem to solve that you love solving
where
they pay you what you're worth to solve
those problems
right so that's the first thing identify
the clients that you feel make
you know comprise per that that for you
are your perfect clients they're your
favorite clients
and then you go into those clients
crazy i know but loads of people don't
do this and you speak to them
right and you but you ask them
searching questions not about you
certainly not a at first but about them
and the kind of questions that i'd be
asking my clients is
uh what was it that motivated you to
search
for my services not my specific not me
specifically but you know if you're so
you're you do web designer
right right so there's hundreds of
potential options for anybody looking
for a web designer
but they're going to have a very
specific reason that triggered that
compelling event that triggered their
search
for an expert in your field right so you
need to understand what that thing is
because that
that typically speaks to motivation it
speaks to
the thing that they wanted to achieve
and the problems that they were trying
to solve themselves right and and
therefore
what triggered their search for those
services so that's really important
because when you you know although we
are
unique individuals our problems aren't
unique you know if somebody's had them
chances are a hundred other people have
had exactly the same problem
right so you're starting to understand
the kind of problem
that you solve and you solve well for
this perfect prospect because they're a
perfect client right
so that's the starting point and then
you you start searching so once you
understand that you understand why it
was difficult what they were struggling
with
you then want to understand the process
they went through to buy
from you right okay because because when
you understand their buying process
then you can build a journey that kind
of
kind of runs alongside that process so
anybody who's going through the same
process and most
a lot of people do go through the same
process you you can make sure that they
find you as part of that process but you
know it's important to understand
how they're buying and where they're
looking to buy so that you can make sure
you shop in those places
um but then this is the mo this is a
critical bit
you want to find out who else they
looked at
as in in addition to yourself but also
why they disqualified those people right
because that's important because if you
understand the objections they have to
your
competition you can use that to your
advantage but also
why they chose you because when you
understand why they chose you
then you can really bring that to the
floor in your marketing you can you know
that becomes your strengths
it becomes your secret source and then
as you move forward
you find out what it is that you did
that really helps you don't really want
to know
it's not important about how you do what
you do it's more important about what
they
felt was valuable and then you look at
the impact that you had
and that's the real juice there that's
the juice because that's the impact and
that's unique to you
only you can achieve that because you've
done it and if anybody else wants that
then who else are they going to go to
but you to get it yeah there's some real
gold in there alex and that's something
i've been
banging the drum tooting the horn about
in for the last few weeks
so really good stuff so essentially
understanding
who our very best clients are so the the
type of work we actually want more of
not not the the clients that perhaps uh
frustrating us or not giving the revenue
we need or supplying the type of work we
want to be doing more
of but the actual pinnacle the the top
tier clients we want to be working with
to grow our business
and then it sounds like interviewing
them or setting up a call with them
is that what it looks like or organizing
a time to sit down with them and have
these kind of chats
absolutely 100 there is no better
new business uh uh tool if you like or
approach than going in and actually
sitting down with and speaking to your
clients
and finding out now that's where the
problem also lies
not in that uh the actual interview
but people's mindset around talking to
their clients
uh right i've interviewed hundreds
of my clients clients and there's two
things that i've found
one is that people are happy to talk to
you
and if you do a good job for them and
you clearly have right otherwise you
wouldn't be talking to them
or looking at them as potential kind of
interview
then they they will tell you stuff that
you
i promise you have never heard before
and don't realize and the stuff that you
can get is so wonderfully valuable but
people
are nervous i think they're nervous
about what they well first of all i
think they're nervous about
they think they're going to be annoy
their client they think they're going to
put the client
out uh and the client and the client's
going to be like miffed that they've
asked for half an hour 45 minutes of
their time
that never ever happens uh
nothing worried about what they might
now i would suggest this
that on the whole you're going to hear a
lot of positive stuff
but if some negative stuff comes out as
well well that's not a problem that's a
good thing because then you can deal
with it
because these are good class these are
people like you so if there's some
negative stuff there well then by
clearing that stuff up they're just
going to like you more so
you know i i have never been in a
situation
where uh you know it's been a difficult
conversation
or they they felt put out by it and if
anything you get all this great insight
plus
you can ask for a referral at the end of
it because you can say to them you know
it sounds like we did a good job for you
and they said yes you did a wonderful
job well that's fantastic and it sounds
like that was the problem you had and
that's what we helped you solve
oh yeah that's exactly it well who else
do you know that's got that same problem
and then they you know
spill the beans on it so you know it's
it's a really powerful exercise
for a lot of reasons and so if you are
concerned about doing it i would say
don't be concerned but if you really
don't want to do it then get somebody
else to do it for you
it sounds like a win-win from what
you've said there it's like you say if
it's clients you you have done a good
job for and you're happy
then even if they do give you some
negative or constructive feedback at
least you can actually tackle the
address
the issue there and then and make sure
something's done about it rather than
as many of us have done in the past just
leave it to the last minute and that's
when
that's when they might be looking at
another vendor and it's already out
yeah well and that's it i'll tell you
one more thing right that
that that is incredible that i found
with these interviews
and this is under that nobody sees
coming
uh and that is because you've talked
through
the project from inception
to conclusion so from if you like pain
to pleasure
and you've helped them come to an
awareness
of the journey they've been on and what
they've learnt on that journey
then typically they get something out of
it and something really positive because
they
get insights into their business that
they might not have considered
and it's amazing how often i'll have
finished
an interview with a client and they will
thank me for the interview
because of what they've got out of it
awesome and i guess you could go one
step further alex and record it if
they're open to it
and then use that video or audio footage
as as part of your testimonials on your
website your case studies and
and all sorts which i'm sure we can dive
into in a sec
awesome so we've we've interviewed our
ideal clients
we've understood what motivated them to
reach out to us specifically in the
start
the the problems they struggled with
what their buying process
was why they eliminate it eliminated
other competitors and why they
specifically chose to work and do
business with us
and then perhaps chatting a bit more
about how they found it
any issues along the way and so on and
so forth maybe get a few referrals out
of it
we've done that how can we now use these
insights that we've gained
to attract more new clients
that are just as good as those okay so
great question
uh and and this bits tougher to do
but uh but but is is 100 worthwhile and
and and you should do if you need to get
some help with it then you know i highly
recommend you doing so because this is
the absolute key
now let's start with a couple of crazy
stats right uh let's start with this one
and i'm
trying to remember exactly it said like
of content is ignored
right that means that the vast majority
of people out there creating content
whether it's b2c b2b
are essentially wasting their time
because
most of it doesn't get engaged with
nobody
really sees it so it is
you know i'm always going to be an
advocate of of content because
it's my stock in trade it's what i do
but
you have to be very careful and you have
to be very strategic and very
intelligent in the way that you create
that content
because if you don't find the right
things to talk about
you are going to waste your time because
people just don't have time to interact
with the stuff or engage with stuff
that's of no use to them
and the thing is that uh you know we've
been
so i've been working in this industry
since the millennium
uh and that was pretty much you know the
when the internet really started to come
into its own
uh and we had the internet boom and bust
but the point is that the internet's
been around for a while now
and we have got uh you know we're
bombarded on a daily basis
uh by different people trying to grab
our attention
uh and what we've become very good at
over that time
is creating a defense mechanism
and that defense mechanism is so well
honed that
in a micro second somebody can
very they can work out whether that
piece of content is useful to them
or not uh and so you know you don't have
any leeway here if your content's bad it
will get ignored
if it's good somebody will engage with
it so
but you've got a microsecond almost to
to help them make their mind up and
that's typically to do with the headline
and if the headlines good that will
engage them but then if you can't
say i'm sure you want you know click
bait right
so if it's click-baity headline grabs
but then the rest of it's tosh
then you're going to lose them and
that's really bad for you because then
you know you've lost them forever
so it's you know it's about grabbing
them with a headline and then and then
the content needs to
follow through and actually to live on
the promise uh but here's the thing so
you asked me how do you identify the
stuff that's going to be of real
interest right how do you
because we'll talk about packaging in a
minute but how do you identify that
stuff well let's have a look
at the conversation that you had with
your client
right now as we move through our careers
and as we uh build experience and
expertise
in what we do we typically
build our own insights that we then
put into our approach right that we that
we engineer into our approach and the
reason that we do that
is because by doing so it enables us to
get to results quicker
it means that the results we get are
much better and it means that we serve
our clients
in the best way possible and so really
what we're trying to do
is to distill those insights to work out
what so here's the big one right
what is it that you know that your
market needs to know
that it doesn't know and the way that
you identify that stuff
one of the ways and this is why the
client interviews are important
is your clients will talk to you about
the problems that they had
and when you understand the problems
that they've got and
your knowledge what the insights you
have about how they can overcome those
problems
then that's the stuff you need to start
tapping but the first thing that you
need to tap
is the problem that they're struggling
with because you remember i said earlier
that when you come across somebody who
can describe your problem better than
you can
and bring clarity around that problem
that's the stuff
that really engages when somebody comes
across a piece of content that promises
to describe
and illuminate a problem and then solve
it
they're going to read that content or
they're going to watch that content or
they're going to listen to it
so that's why speaking to your clients
is so important because they'll give you
the kind of ballpark the playing field
that you're
gonna operate in and they'll start
telling you about the
key topics that you need to focus in on
got it
okay so putting this into a tangible
perspective that we could do so you
mentioned at the start of that alex that
we've got especially me include a very
very small
span of attention so we'll see something
so if we're talking in the b2b space
we're talking about linkedin at the
moment on the text only post i believe
you've only got three lines
of heading for each post and then you've
got the option to click read more either
on your mobile on your pc and then you
can see the full extent of that post so
if we're talking about linkedin then
you've only got those those lines if
you're talking about a google ad
then you've only got a few lines of text
likewise with the facebook ad instagram
mac so we've got such a limited
caption to grab people's attention
before they click to read more
click our ad to drive to our website our
landing page whatever the specific
motivation is
for that piece of content to then drive
a click through
yes to get our initial result so
we've got to think let me stop you there
for a second you do not have those three
lines
those are the lines that show up but
you've got one line
to grab its people's attention so that
first line needs to
smash it yep so
to put this into practice so we need to
need to understand the
the key key problems that our customers
have explained to us
but perhaps you could share an example
that you've used maybe alex in the past
of how we can actually put that into
that one line are we just literally
writing
this customer had this problem or we
putting it into a story format
or we putting it into something slightly
different
so story formats work really really well
um
i i've done a lot of training over my
career and
and one one bit of training that i did
was with dale carnegie now uh
it's an organization that's grown up
around the content
that was created by dale uh you know
almost uh
a century ago and now i think it was i
think he was operating in the 1920s or
you know certainly in the early part
last century he wrote the book how to
win friends and and
influence people uh and and when i was
doing that training i learned
a format for delivering a story
that kind of sells an idea and gets
people engaged
and i think it's a really powerful
format that we can use today so it's
just one of the ways
that you can uh grab people's attention
but the way that you do it is you bring
people straight into the story
with a quote right you might want to
use something that somebody has said to
you
that uh kind of sparks interest right so
i might write
a quote from a client and it might be
something like
wow i never thought that would work
right or you know what alex i tried what
you told me
and it just worked like gangbusters
right so
or you might say what was it so uh
recently i did a case study interview
for a client
and when i told the client what the what
their client had told me
they were like wow did they really say
that
and so what you're doing is you're
bringing people into the story but
you're bringing them smack in
right at the most important point of
that story and you're kind of
setting uh you know getting them curious
what what what's that what do they mean
by that what's going to happen next
so that's one way you can do it in other
ways with a with a question
questions are really good right because
we are
uh you know we're when we're at school
uh when we're asked a question we're
programmed
to answer that question right uh so
uh you know you ask somebody a question
at the beginning of a post
what are they going to do they're going
to want to answer it but they're going
to look at
what you what other people have said as
well right so so
questions are very good kind of quotes
are really good
uh facts are really good so statistics
great way to start
a post anything that drags people
straight in
it's like um it's like a good movie
right
you need a movie doesn't start at the
beginning of a story
it starts at the most important point in
that story so it grabs your attention
immediately
got it okay so we're we're grabbing
attention we're peaking curiosity
with the with the very start of the the
piece of content the post or whatever
form of media or advertisement we're
going after how are we at
implementing the trust element that we
talked about at the start how are we
getting people to trust
not only that we're an expert but we
actually know our stuff so the problem
we're proclaiming that we can help with
we actually can help with so that's
that's a great question
and uh uh first thing
right that's never gonna happen with one
piece of content ever
no matter how good that content is what
that one piece of content could
potentially do
is take you a long way to trust for
certain
because if it's really good you know if
it's all
you know white paper when i say white
paper i'm not talking about a very
technical document i'm talking about
something that
somebody might have downloaded off your
website you know and that can be a bit
meatier
and if they get through that and they're
like this is just genius
then then you know you've gone a long
way to building that credibility and
trust
but credibility and trust is a journey
uh and it needs to be
uh something that uh you bring
everything
to bear on right so this is something
that's very pertinent to your industry
as well and what you do
so credibility and trust comes from what
you say
and do it comes from what people say
about you
and it comes from uh how you show up
so it might be uh you know i was
listening to a a brilliant podcast the
other day
with uh one of my uh sales mentors a guy
called marcus calkey who i know you know
very well
um and a guy called david premier who
wrote a book called um
uh to sell the way that you buy and he
in
in that conversation they talk about the
importance of tone
right so when i talk about showing up
i'm talking about
the confidence that you that you exude
uh
and and uh the the security and the
comfort
that you exude because you know people
can very quickly pick up
if you don't feel 100 confident about
what you're offering or selling and
if they pick that up then you're going
to have a hard time convincing them
but then so it's it's how you show up
it's what you say it's what other people
say about you but it's also the look and
feel
of everything every every uh kind of
touch point so your linkedin
profile your website pages uh your you
know what
your youtube and all that kind of stuff
i mean i'm sure you you know
you know more about this kind of thing
than i but the importance of
a beautifully designed web page that has
the right personality
got it no that all makes perfect sense
so and i love what you said there alex
that credibility and trust is a journey
so um that's that's pretty much was was
hoping you're gonna say unless you're
gonna give us a super ninja hack
to build trust and and get about 100
leads off one magical piece of content
which would be
which would be lovely but i think i'm i
think i'm dreaming there
so yeah it's a journey and yeah that's
certainly something i've experienced
from my point of view and link
linkedin post especially is it's quite
often the case which
if you're in the b2b space and you're
posting on linkedin and you're doing all
that good stuff that you mentioned
you're peaking curiosity
you're talking about the problems that
you tend to solve you're sharing
insights
so you're actually giving people small
little tidbits little nuggets
of how they can kick more ass really get
better at their job get better their
day-to-day
and so when the time comes that they
actually need help with this specific
problem this specific issue
you're the one that they that's top of
mind because you've built that trust
over time
and as we know uh in the buying journey
it takes around seven or more touch
points before someone's ready to do
business with you
so whether they've seen you on linkedin
whether they've seen a google ad or an
organic result on google or some other
kind of advertisement or they've
been on your website or your landing
page and then that that time or
final little tipping point that when
they're ready to give you a call or fill
out an inquiry form or we'll do some
business with you
so that's that's all really really
really good stuff man and that makes
perfect sense
cool cool so yeah moving forward i mean
um we've talked talked essentially about
how we can
intervariate with customers how we can
provide these insights
how we can wrap this all up into into a
powerful form
is there anything else that we need to
to bear in mind
or any things to to wrap up alex that we
should consider
when we're trying to put all this that
we've discussed into play
yeah i think there is uh and i think
this is this is this is a key thing
right so
it's it's all about repetition and
consistency
okay so as we've said you're never going
to get the results you're looking for
from one thing uh or doing it once
right so uh you know it's something that
people seem to be very good at creating
stuff but they can get very nervous
about
communicating that stuff distributing it
sending it out so you know if you're
gonna spend your time doing it
you've got to get it out there that's
what i would say number one but the
thing that i think that a lot of people
miss
um is calls to action right so you
you have to if you have to ask somebody
to do something because if you don't ask
them to do it they're not going to do it
right so you can have lots of great
content out in the world but if you're
not asking anybody to do anything
then you know you're kind of putting it
on them to come to you
right and and some people might and if
the content is good enough
then they will but you need to help them
on that journey and
and again it is a journey right the
whole
buying uh process is a journey and you
have to
help people on that journey you have to
sign post it as well as possible and you
have to get them moving
along that journey so that they that
they make it and it's a joined up
process right it's
you have to understand where where you
want to get people to
and where they're going to start and
then you have to make sure everything is
joined up
so that they actually get there right so
they'll give you an example of that
i've got a uh a guide and a little ebook
on my website it's all about how you
tell stories that sell
right which it basically what it looks
at is why a lot of case studies
lack power and how you can tell those
stories
so they have the the biggest impact
possible right now
most people won't know that that's on my
website
so what i would do on linkedin and what
i do do is when i so i write a lot posts
posts about storytelling about case
studies and that kind of thing
but at the end of every single post i
will say i i have written a guide for
you
all about this that goes into more
detail click this link or link in the
comments
and and come and download it right
because i know that that's i need that's
what i need people to do that's the
stuff the first step of their journey
well the first step was them having a
look at my stuff on linkedin the second
step
coming to the website and downloading
something and then they're inviting me
to build a relationship with them and
then the whole
time you're thinking about right how do
i get them further and further down in
down the final to the sale and that's
going to change depending on your
business and your
your customer but it's the journey
that's important
definitely love that and i think it's
something that businesses are guilty of
doing
too much of and what i mean by that is
making it too difficult for people to do
business with them
which is something i talked about in one
of our earlier podcasts
with daryl prell and what i mean by that
is just like you said there alex give
give the call to action so in your case
saying that in in the comments below on
this linkedin post there's
there's a link to download this guide
and that's going to help them learn
further further and let you say you can
add them then to your email list
over time nurture them and the chances
are over time many of those people that
sign up
may well come to you when they're ready
to for your help to do some business
with you and
likewise if that that can be applied to
many many assets whether it's digital
whether it's offline
it's all about making it not only doing
all these things that you say
so um building trust
proving that you are an expert proving
you understand your ideal customers
problems
and how you can actually attack those
and and make their lives make their
business better
but then actually driving the action so
actually
allowing them to get in touch with
making it easy as possible for them to
either
sign up to your ebook give you a call
fill out an inquiry form so don't do all
that hard work and then
hamstring yourself because you're
literally making it so difficult for
someone to do business with you whether
that's your website whether that's
linkedin
whatever the channel is just make sure
you don't obstruct yourself
by making it so difficult for someone to
find an email for you or find a number
for you
absolutely and i would one thing that i
would add to that sam because i
i see this a lot and it just surprises
me that people do this right
know what it is that you're going to put
behind a form
and the stuff that you're that you're
going to make freely available right
don't put your case studies behind a
form all right i understand why you
might
do that because the case study is
valuable
and and you think people are going to
want to read it but that's the stuff you
want people to get access to
easy peasy all right because that's the
stuff you definitely want them to see
now if it's something of value like a
guide or an
infographic or whatever it is put that
behind the form
because then there you're it's a like
for like swap it's like you're asking
for their email address and they want
something of value that's going to help
them
okay case study that's going to help you
don't put that behind a form
great point definitely agree i mean it's
got to be quite a hefty piece of content
hasn't i reckon to
to ask for someone's name and email not
just just a simple one page on your
website or something like that it's got
to have a bit of
bang for you for your back if you know
what i mean
a yes and no so what i would say is this
okay so as we as we know people have got
different attention spans and so that's
why it's so important
to talk to your customers because
they'll tell you everything
that you need to know to sell to them
and one of the things they'll tell you
is the kind of the kind of content they
like to look at
the format that it's in and uh and and
and how bulky it needs to be because if
you think about it well you know with a
lot of ceos
uh these people do not have a lot of
time or uh they don't certainly don't
have a lot of attention they don't
suffer
their time being wasted right so you
know so
sometimes actually what can be really
useful and it can appear on one page but
you could give somebody an entire
process
on a page where as a mind map say
and now i found that's that's been a
very powerful tool
because somebody can look at they're not
giving them any details you're not
giving them
too much but you're kind of giving them
an entire process they can look at
and they can say well i understand some
of that i don't understand that
i need to find out more about that some
people like videos
some people like detail we know that
technical people typically
like long form content they like to read
technical
uh ceos don't they like videos they like
something they listen to later
so you know be very aware of your your
audience
that's a really good ad understanding
actually how your your ideal customer
likes to consume content
absolutely so really good alex really
enjoyed this conversation man thank you
so much for coming on
it's it's been a good chat and i'm sure
i've certainly learned a few things i'm
sure everyone tuning in has as well
um please do let us know how we can
learn from you how we can connect with
you tell us a bit more about your
business and the best way we can get in
touch
so uh i would say uh have a look at go
to
findyoursalessweetspot.com
uh it's a new part of my nine millimeter
pr business and it's very much
tonight if you think pr is all about
creating great content and getting it
through the media
and on different social channels uh and
certain people are ready for that
but i think the kind of people we're
talking about today are still
very much a square one they're looking
at trying to work out what it is
they know uh that's of value how it is
that they can attract people they're
still trying to
kind of work out what it is about that
you know they're mining the gold of
their business
and i think so we created find yourself
sweet spot
as a place for people to come through a
process that will get them to a place
where they're ready to do the marketing
and on on that website i've got a free
guide as i say so
uh it's called how to tell stories that
sell
it's on the home page if you scroll down
and you'll be able to click on the link
and
and download the book and basically what
it does is it describes how to tell a
story in a way that's going to engage
people
and and establish you as an expert in
your field
and i just to give you one tip from the
book and it's probably one of the most
important
it's this your case studies the stories
that you
tell are not a you are not the star easy
to think that you should be the star
because you did the work and therefore
you're the expert in hell it should be
about you but it isn't it's never about
you
it's always about your client or your
customer and therefore every story
you've got to tell has got to be about
them and the example i always give is uh
if you've seen
star wars or you've seen the karate kid
you know those the stars of those shows
is luke skywalker and daniel
right it's not mr miyagi and yoda uh
but if you watch the karate kid and you
want to learn karate
where are you going to go you're going
to go to mr miyagi's school of of karate
right
so always take the back seat and always
make
your customer the star
love that alex really good stuff thanks
so much for coming on once again man
really appreciate it
cheers and thanks for having me on i
really enjoyed it cheers
cheers and if you enjoyed the show be
sure to follow and subscribe to business
growth show on your podcast channel of
choice or on youtube we interview
business leaders each and every week to
provide actionable tips to make best use
of marketing
grow your business grow yourselves and
thanks once again for tuning in